[ci-stats] ship timings, collect overall bootstrap time (#93557)
elastic/kibana: docs/developer/telemetry.asciidoc

[[development-telemetry]]
== Development Telemetry

> In order to help us provide a good developer experience we track some very simple metrics when you run certain tasks locally and ship them to a service that we run. To disable this functionality just specify `CI_STATS_DISABLED=true` in your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help us provide a good developer experience, we track some straightforward metrics when running certain tasks locally and ship them to a service that we run. To disable this functionality, specify `CI_STATS_DISABLED=true` in your environment.
```

The operations we current report timing data for:

* Total execution time of `yarn kbn bootstrap`

> Along with the execution time of each execution we ship the following information about your machine to the service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Along with the execution time of each execution, we ship the following information about your machine to the service:
```
